2012 - my database dev career falls overnight after management want to move me to a different location and projects are taken off me. I became redeployed - still paid but any meaningful work taken off me, separated from team to psychologically give up and quit work because they could not legally fire me. I saw something about Bitcoin mining with one's computer but didn't see the significance and missed out.
2013 - false starts into unrelated business opportunities in property and schemed out marketing ploy. Both eventualy attracted government investigation attraction and I lost significant amount of money and time.
2014 - having very little work at work as a redeployee, I took some steps to learn Windows mobile phone app programming. As it turned out, the Win phones went nowhere, after Microsoft bough Nokia and their phone OS lost market traction.
2015- I began to diarise my redeployment experience, learn Chinese and write down my childhood memoir. More pressure put on me to quit work. Other colleagues burnt out by these psych games.
2016 - I was forced to take 10 weeks leave. I discovered graph databases and began to experiment with Neo4J. Having still nothing to do and fighting off the company's attempts to make me quit, I took up Python programming and completed Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course. I was made redundant at the end of the year.
2017 - I followed by on the new AI and ML trends by becoming part of the Melbourne ML Meetup. Tried to find work but had not luck. I began writing for a crypto company and being paid in ETH. An acquaintaince bought BTC as investment. I started learning about crypto but once the writing assignments were over, I did not follow up on its growing trend. Had 1.5 ETH in a Metamask account and forgot about it.
2018 - an opportunity came to use my Neo4J knowledge, developed a website about it, but the prospective employer phased out. I began to author funding proposals for EU startups. That became my main source of income. However, wins and extra fees were hard to come by.
2019 - continued with the proposals but found a better company to work with that had a better winning strategy. Still finding client interactions difficult as there are too many entitled clients who think that No Win No Pay means that they don't do any work. 
2020 - pandemic starts. Oddly enough it had no effect on me, just more writing gigs. Had an dissapointing year because the companies that almosts qualified for funding stuffed it up by their own poor performance underminging the effort I had put in on their behalf.
2021 - began to look for fulltime employment. No bites and more bills. In a frustrated moment got sucked into a short lived scam, didn't lose money but never materialized what was promised. Another govt ban. I discovered my secret phrase for the old crypto account. My account x10-ed in 3 years. This allowed me to pay outstanding tax and a month's mortgage. I got booted off two writing projects because my head was not it. Lost my ability to focus.
2022 - a very low point in my life, as I found myself picking grapes and I lost two dogs of mine. The season started with me making 32 dollars over a 7 hour day. I heard about ChatGPT at the end of that year. Tried it but didn't get it.
2023 - picked up a full time position as a government car registration officer. Was cheated on pay and experienced lots of migraines with too much external sensory stimuli, noise and non-stop face to face interactions still affected by pandemic rules. I quite after being there for 16 months. Could not take it any more. The one and only project I wrote that year won me money that kept me going for several months. I kept myself entertained with the AI discovery and starting to prompt, and follwing some YT youngsters who were making a good go of it.
2024 - While authoring more funding gigs, i began to look for work. I signed up with an AI group, two of them to develop some projects using Make.com. I created a website agenticreports.com to make it easier to analyse companies I was writing about. I posted about the AI. Still didn't feel I found my spot. I literally tried anythign that my CV could conceivably support. I applied for 40+ positions. To no avail. What was worst is the lack of reply from the potential workplace. While I fully developed my AgenticReports site, I realised that I could not be bothered with maintaining the code. Took too much time for no meaningful return.
2025 - the year began with the AIOZ discovery, two previous work replies after 4 months of submitting my application. Both events letting me know that at 57 years old, I'm either overqualified, overaged or whatever. So I'm facing reality that employment just will not happen, nor do I have it within me to constrict myself to its demands. I am creative and need to express it. I need to build and experiment and do so. I am still intrigued with AI but know that builting chatbots is not the way to go, I smell a bigger trend that I can't yet fully comprehend. Then I come across DePIN and DePAI. I take the first steps.